Cripple, your father is a food stall owner
You still dare to say that you are stronger than President Suzaku Hui
I'll call right now.
Get someone to break their legs
Fight, fight, hurry up
Didn't you say that the president of the Suzaku Society is your uncle?
You hurry up
If you can get through, you have the ability.
What do you mean?
The presidents of the four major gangs
I kowtowed to my uncle yesterday
Except for Hong Daying
The other three
Are you all kneeling in Lord Tiger's prison?
That's not possible.
If you don't believe it, try one.
Anyway, I can't get through and I don't want money, right?
Dumin, don't be impulsive
Call Zhengzheng first
Since they are courting death
But I just let them hum
If my uncle knew someone was whipping like that in the back
They won't let you go
The user you dialed is temporarily unavailable
Really can't get through
It can't really happen, can it?
Impossible absolutely impossible
I see you are still young
You and my daughter are transparent again
Most likely it is also a misunderstanding.
You apologize to my daughter right now
I can pretend this never happened.
Apologize for dreaming
Du Ming continued to play
Yes, yes, your uncle will be fine
Something must have been delayed.
Apologize quickly
Don't delay our real princess' birthday
Who dares to make my daughter apologize?